Feature layer readme improvements (#51)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-unity-samples: samples_project/Assets/SampleViewer/Samples/FeatureLayer/readme.md

# Query a feature layer

Query objects from a feature layer and show it on the map.

![Feature layer](FeatureLayer.jpg)

## How to use the sample

> 1. Open **FeatureLayer** scene

Author: ```suggestion
1. Open **FeatureLayer** scene.
```

> 1. Open **FeatureLayer** scene.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open the **FeatureLayer** scene.
```

2. Click on the **ArcGISMap** game object in the **Hierarchy** window.
3. Set your API key in the **Inspector** window.
4. Click play and select a stadium from the lst.

## How it works

### Getting the data

In this sample, the [FeatureService REST API](https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/services-reference/enterprise/layer-feature-service-.htm) is used to perform a query operation. The result of a query operation is a list of features that includes the feature's location as well as some attributes giving more details about the feature. In this sample, the stadium name and team name were used.

> The `FeatureLayerQuery.cs` file makes the request and then parses the result to construct the game objects based on the results. By attaching **ArcGIS Location** component to these new game objects we can locate them in the world. And using the `StadiumInfo.cs` script to hold information specific to the feature including team name, stadium name, and whether the team is in the American or National League in the MLB. The team's league is used to determine how the stadium is rendered in the game.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `FeatureLayerQuery.cs` file makes the request and then parses the result to construct the game objects based on the results. The **ArcGIS Location** component can be attached to these new game objects in order to locate them in the world. Use the `StadiumInfo.cs` script to store information specific to the feature, such as the team name, stadium name, the team's division in the MLB. The team's league is used to determine how the stadium is rendered in the game.
```

Feature layers sometimes only hold the feature's X/Y position but not the Altitude. Because of this, this sample has some added complexity to show you how to place the object on the ground. There are two recommended ways to get the elevation at a given point.

1. Use the [elevation's REST API](https://developers.arcgis.com/rest/services-reference/enterprise/image-service.htm) to query or identify a point and get the elevation value.
2. Use the game engine's [raycast](https://docs.unity3d.com/ScriptReference/Physics.Raycast.html) feature from a point above the surface towards the ground to detect the altitude dynamically.

> This sample uses option 2. A caveat of using option 2 is that the raycast will only hit the surface if the point we are trying to hit is being loaded. The ArcGIS Maps SDK for game engine's dynamically stream content based on what the camera is seeing. To account for this `StadiumInfo.cs` only casts a ray for a stadium when it is within the `RayCastDistanceThreshold` which defaults to 30 km. After the raycast hits the ground we stop adjusting the object's altitude to avoid putting too much load on the CPU. The way we use raycast in this sample is just one way of accomplishing this task. Feel free to experiment to find a way that works best for your use case.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample uses option 2. A caveat of using option 2 is that the raycast will only hit the surface if the point we are trying to hit is being loaded. The ArcGIS Maps SDK for game engine's dynamically stream content based on what the camera is seeing. To account for this `StadiumInfo.cs` only casts a ray for a stadium when it is within the `RayCastDistanceThreshold` which defaults to 30 km. To keep the CPU from getting overloaded, we stop adjusting the object's altitude after the raycast hits the ground. The way we use raycast in this sample is just one way of accomplishing this task. Feel free to experiment to find a way that works best for your use case.
```
